refactor(skills): replace arch-diagram-builder agent with reusable architecture-diagrams skill (#2068)
microsoft/hve-core: .github/agents/project-planning/adr-creation.agent.md

During Frame, prompt the user to choose `ascii` or `mermaid` and persist the answer to `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`. The Frame phase cannot exit without this value. Subsequent template renders compose `.github/skills/project-planning/adr-author/templates/madr-v4.md` with the matching diagram fragment from `.github/skills/project-planning/adr-author/templates/diagram-{ascii|mermaid}.md`. Once recorded, the value is read-only for the remainder of the session.

> When an ADR needs an architecture or network diagram derived from infrastructure source files, use the architecture-diagrams skill: read `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` with `read_file` and follow its authoring contract, requesting the same `ascii` or `mermaid` format recorded in `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`. That skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format.

Reviewer: **[portability] Skill referenced by hardcoded `.github/skills/...` path**

The repo-root path `.github/skills/hve-core/architecture-diagrams/SKILL.md` does not exist in plugin/extension distributions (skills resolve under `skills/...`), so this `read_file` fails outside the source repo. Invoke by skill name + relative file name instead, per [Use Agent Skills in VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/agent-customization/agent-skills#_how-copilot-uses-skills) and our `prompt-builder.instructions.md`.

```suggestion
When an ADR needs an architecture or network diagram derived from infrastructure source files, use the `architecture-diagrams` skill: load its `SKILL.md` and follow its authoring contract, requesting the same `ascii` or `mermaid` format recorded in `state.userPreferences.diagramFormat`. That skill is the authoritative source for its own conventions and output format.
```

Author: Done. Updated to reference the `architecture-diagrams` skill by name and load its `SKILL.md`, instead of a hardcoded `.github/skills/...` path, so it resolves across plugin and extension distributions.

Author: I also got a bit punchy with prompt-builder to make it a forbidden pattern rather than a light "don't do this"
